Need a graph that represents flow between nodes. This generally means for each edge you need a max capacity and current capacity for that edge.

Source node is where the flow originates.
Sink node is where the flow terminates.

Question: What's the max amount of flow without any edge exceeding its max?

The max flow of the graph can be calculated by seeing what the max flow of each of the edges leading into the sink is.

Ford-Fulkerson method finds augmenting paths through *residual graph* and augments the flow until no more paths can be found.

**Augmenting Path**: path of edges in residual graph with unused capacity greater than 0 from the source to the sink.
- Could be many of these.
- There's usually a bottleneck in these paths. It's found by looking at the minimum max capacity along the path.
- When augmenting the flow on this path, also need to decrease the flow along residual edges by the bottleneck value. This means subtracting the bottleneck from the flow current capacity. Why? To undo bad augmenting paths that don't lead to ideal max flow.
**Residual Graph**: the graph with also the residual edges represented.
**Residual Edges**: If the edge originally had a capacity of 6/10 (current/max), then the residual edge might have -6/0. 
- Why 0? The remaining capacity is capacity - flow. It cannot be negative. It's really just the difference between max and current. 0 - (-6) is still just a difference of 6, which avoids the negative.

## Algorithm
Really depends on how you find the paths, which isn't prescribed here.
If you use DFS, it can be really bad.

The flow graph must have directed edges. 
