What is bipartite?
*A graph where vertices can be split between two independent groups (U, V) so that every edge connects U and V.*

When setting this up, we care about *Maximum Cardinality Bipartite Matching (MCBM)*.
AKA, when you've maximized the pairs that can be matched with each other.

Valid use of this in the real world? Matching applicants to jobs.
Easiest to do this with unweighted edges and bipartite graphs. Harder if weighted or non-bipartite.

Greedy algorithms not ideal here. It's possible you remove the required connection by assigning a connection too early and a later node loses its only option.

Problem case:
- We have 5 people and 5 books. Some people have multiple books they would like, but some only want one book.
- First, make these edges directional, from person to book, and assign a max capacity of 1. Current flow for these edges is 0 for now.
- Second, create an extra source and extra sink node. The source node has direction edges pointing to people with capacities of 1. The sink edge has direction edges going from books to itself with capacities of 1.
- This should result in the best-case flow scenario when processed.

But why capacity of 1 from source to person?
- It means each person can only get 1 book. Increasing this number for a particular person gives them more expendable flow to get more books.
- Sooooo, having the capacity of the book-sink edges increased means that the book can be taken by more than one person too!
- But just because the total flow from source to people and book to sink is the same, doesn't mean everyone is happy. It's still possible that too many people wanted the same book.
- Modify the interior edges from person to book to increase their capacity if a person needs more than one copy of a book.
