## Problem
Ellen is a math teacher who is preparing an exam. There are *n* questions. In each question, the students have to add, subtract, or multiply a pair of numbers.

But Ellen has already chosen the *n* pairs of numbers. She just needs to decide what operation the students should perform for each pair. However, she wants all the *n* correct answers to be different.

## How is this a flow problem?
Well, for each pair of numbers (a, b), there's a connection to one of the three operators listed above. 
The overall flow looks like this: a -> operator -> b -> = -> result
But these results must be unique (aka, have a capacity somewhere of 1).

## Setup
We actually want the input pairs as the left side of the bipartite graph and answers on the right side.

Example:
We have the input numbers 1 and 5
- That's one node for input (1,5)
- That's three nodes for output (1 - 5 = -4, 1 + 5 = 6, 1 * 5 = 5)

So if we have the next pair as (3,3) we would get 6 as well as an output. Don't add an extra node. It already exists.
If a single pair produces more than one edge to the same output, don't add the second one! One is enough.

Add the source and edges then sink and edges. 
There's a capacity of 1 from outputs to sink, as they should only occur maximum of once.
The middle edges and source edges can also be 1. That just means they will only be used once.
If you want the opportunity for an input pair to be used more than once, increase that initial source edge capacity.

## Outcome
When you've run the flow algorithm on this graph, the middle edges show the output you would want.
The edge shows which input and which output were selected, and some math can be used to determine which operator is needed. 
Now, you should have a list of questions that are all unique.