## What are Bridges?
Edges that when removed decrease the number of connected components.
## What are Articulation Points?
Nodes that when removed decrease the number of connected components.


So, pretty much the same idea, but edges vs nodes.
#### **It's actually separating a piece of the graph from the whole.**
So this identifies weak points in the graph.

## Finding Bridges
- Start at any node in graph. Begin DFS and label with increasing id
- Track these ids and the smallest low-link value
	- Bridges will be where the id of the node you are coming FROM is less than the low-link value of the node you're going TO.
- What is low-link? -> smallest id reachable from that node, including itself, when doing DFS

In practice, after setting IDs:
- Can initialize low-link values to the node id to start
- Inspect each node. Do DFS from this point. Identify lowest ID found.
- Inspect each edge. Is the FROM ID lower than the TO low-link value? It's a bridge.

Time complexity of this? O(V+E) if we can update low-link values in one pass.

## Finding Articulation Points
If an edge is a bridge, one of its nodes must be an articulation point.

But, just because a node would cause the graph to split, doesn't mean its edges are bridges.
When does this happen? Imagine a node with with multiple edges connecting two subgraphs. Any one of these edges might be removed and things would remain connected, but removing the node destroys the connection.

How can we detect this then? -> Cycles

When a low-link value of a node is equal to its own id, it's either a single node (not in a graph) or there's a cycle that has looped back to it. This is a strongly-connected component and *could* be the articulation point.

The exception: when this starting node has 0 or 1 outgoing directed edges. Articulation points must have more than one outgoing edge.

Dylan's Note: I think this can be simplified down to whether or not there is at least 1 incoming and 1 outgoing edge (part of the cycle) plus another. I don't see why it has to specifically be directed or even outgoing. 




